[Update] Replace runtime org URL prefix (#608)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Add elevation source from raster/README.md

## Offline data

> This sample uses the [MontereyElevation](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=98092369c4ae4d549bbbd45dba993ebc) raster. It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
This sample uses the [Monterey Elevation](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=98092369c4ae4d549bbbd45dba993ebc) raster. It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online automatically.
```
